Now in our application, we have this shared folder and we have the alert and the button components.
We may have multiple applications and we may use same set of components or same set of services in different
applications.
And for those kind of use cases, Engler has this module functionality, which makes it easier to gather
shared components in a single module so that module can be imported by other projects.
And the components or the services provided in that module can be accessible easily with this module
functionality.
So far we have used different modules in our application.
Like here we imported the HTP client module and later we will import different modules as well.
And the modules are a great way to organize an application and extend it with the capabilities from
external libraries.
Just like using different modules, we can create our own modules as well.
Like here under a shared directory we have this alert and button and basically we are declaring them
right here in this the app module and also we do the same thing in the test modules as well.
But instead of dealing the each element of this shared directory, we can gather all the things in a
module and we can just import that module.
Then all the exported functionality from that module will be accessible to our application.
So let's do that here.
Now we are going to create a module and again I'm going to use Angular CLI and this time running g,
g generate and this is going to be generating a module, g g module and the module name is shared.
This is the name of the shared directory.
So just hitting enter.
So it just created this shared module file.
So here we have this file.
And in this file let's use these declarations to take the alert and button component.
So alert and button.
Now this module is declaring these components and instead of declaring these in other modules, we are
just going to import this shared module.
And by importing the module we want to access to the components like the alert component, the button
there.
And to do that, we need to export.
So there is this exports array.
So we need to export these alert and button component from this module.
So saving it and going to a module now we don't need this part like we only have this app component
and sign up component and we are importing.
Like browser module and initiative module, but also we will import shared module.
So let's save this and we will do the same thing in the tests as well.
So here in the sign up.
This is the spec.
Now, I'm not going to declare the alert and the button.
All I do is just import the shared.
More jobs.
Removing unused imports, saving it.
It's working and it's doing the same thing in sign up.
Just as now.
We don't need to declare these.
All we need to do is just import shared module.
Saving it.
And all the tests are passing.
So with this way, we are organizing our application and we can extend its capabilities and functionalities
and also we can extract this shared module as a separate library and reuse it in other projects.